docs/data-sources/cluster.md, before:

---
page_title: "ybm_cluster Data Source - YugabyteDB Managed"
description: |-
  The data source to fetch the cluster ID and other information about a cluster given the cluster name.
---

# ybm_cluster (Data Source)

The data source to fetch the cluster ID and other information about a cluster given the cluster name.


## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ybm_cluster" "example_cluster"{
  cluster_name = "example-cluster"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the account this cluster belongs to. To be provided if there are multiple accounts associated with the user.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this cluster belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `backup_schedules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_schedules))
- `cloud_type` (String) The cloud provider where the cluster is deployed: AWS or GCP. Default GCP.
- `cluster_allow_list_ids` (List of String) List of IDs of the allow lists assigned to the cluster.
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster. Created automatically when a cluster is created. Used to get a specific cluster.
- `cluster_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_info))
- `cluster_region_info` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_region_info))
- `cluster_tier` (String) FREE (Sandbox) or PAID (Dedicated).
- `cluster_type` (String) The type of the cluster.
- `cluster_version` (String)
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `fault_tolerance` (String) The fault tolerance of the cluster.
- `node_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_config))
- `restore_backup_id` (String) The ID of the backup to be restored to the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--backup_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_schedules`

Read-Only:

- `backup_description` (String) The description of the backup schedule.
- `cron_expression` (String) The cron expression for the backup schedule.
- `retention_period_in_days` (Number) The retention period of the backup schedule.
- `schedule_id` (String) The ID of the backup schedule. Created automatically when the backup schedule is created. Used to get a specific backup schedule.
- `state` (String) The state of the backup schedule. Used to pause or resume the backup schedule. Valid values are ACTIVE or PAUSED.
- `time_interval_in_days` (Number) The time interval in days for the backup schedule.


<a id="nestedatt--cluster_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_info`

Read-Only:

- `created_time` (String)
- `software_version` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `updated_time` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--cluster_region_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_region_info`

Read-Only:

- `num_nodes` (Number)
- `region` (String)
- `vpc_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Read-Only:

- `ycql_password` (String)
- `ycql_username` (String)
- `ysql_password` (String)
- `ysql_username` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--node_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_config`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size_gb` (Number)
- `memory_mb` (Number)
- `num_cores` (Number)

Commit message:

[CLOUDGA-8441] Terraform provider should expose connection endpoints (#17)

docs/data-sources/cluster.md, after:

---
page_title: "ybm_cluster Data Source - YugabyteDB Managed"
description: |-
  The data source to fetch the cluster ID and other information about a cluster given the cluster name.
---

# ybm_cluster (Data Source)

The data source to fetch the cluster ID and other information about a cluster given the cluster name.


## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ybm_cluster" "example_cluster"{
  cluster_name = "example-cluster"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the account this cluster belongs to. To be provided if there are multiple accounts associated with the user.
- `cluster_endpoints` (Map of String) The endpoints used to connect to the cluster by region.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this cluster belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `backup_schedules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_schedules))
- `cloud_type` (String) The cloud provider where the cluster is deployed: AWS or GCP. Default GCP.
- `cluster_allow_list_ids` (List of String) List of IDs of the allow lists assigned to the cluster.
- `cluster_certificate` (String) The certificate used to connect to the cluster.
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster. Created automatically when a cluster is created. Used to get a specific cluster.
- `cluster_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_info))
- `cluster_region_info` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_region_info))
- `cluster_tier` (String) FREE (Sandbox) or PAID (Dedicated).
- `cluster_type` (String) The type of the cluster.
- `cluster_version` (String)
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `fault_tolerance` (String) The fault tolerance of the cluster.
- `node_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_config))
- `restore_backup_id` (String) The ID of the backup to be restored to the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--backup_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_schedules`

Read-Only:

- `backup_description` (String) The description of the backup schedule.
- `cron_expression` (String) The cron expression for the backup schedule.
- `retention_period_in_days` (Number) The retention period of the backup schedule.
- `schedule_id` (String) The ID of the backup schedule. Created automatically when the backup schedule is created. Used to get a specific backup schedule.
- `state` (String) The state of the backup schedule. Used to pause or resume the backup schedule. Valid values are ACTIVE or PAUSED.
- `time_interval_in_days` (Number) The time interval in days for the backup schedule.


<a id="nestedatt--cluster_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_info`

Read-Only:

- `created_time` (String)
- `software_version` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `updated_time` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--cluster_region_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_region_info`

Read-Only:

- `num_nodes` (Number)
- `region` (String)
- `vpc_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Read-Only:

- `ycql_password` (String)
- `ycql_username` (String)
- `ysql_password` (String)
- `ysql_username` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--node_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_config`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size_gb` (Number)
- `memory_mb` (Number)
- `num_cores` (Number)
