docs/resources/associate_metrics_exporter_cluster.md, before:

---
page_title: "ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster Resource - YugabyteDB Aeon"
description: |-
  The resource to manage metrics export configuration for a cluster in YugabyteDB Aeon.
---

# ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster (Resource)

The resource to manage metrics export configuration for a cluster in YugabyteDB Aeon.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster" "metrics-srcluster" {
  cluster_id = ybm_cluster.single_region_cluster.cluster_id
  config_id  = ybm_integration.test.config_id
  depends_on = [ybm_cluster.single_region_cluster, ybm_integration.test]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the cluster with which this metrics export configuration will be associated.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster with which this metrics export configuration will be associated.
- `config_id` (String) ID of the integration for this metrics export configuration.
- `config_name` (String) Name of the integration for this metrics export configuration

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account this metrics export configuration belongs to.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project this metrics export configuration belongs to.

Commit message:

Changes to log configuration docs (#148)
integration and related resources doc improvements

docs/resources/associate_metrics_exporter_cluster.md, after:

---
page_title: "ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster Resource - YugabyteDB Aeon"
description: |-
  Use this resource to assign an export configuration (created using the ybm_integration resource) to a cluster for the export of cluster metrics. When assigned, cluster metrics are exported to the sink defined in the export configuration.
---

# ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster (Resource)

Use this resource to assign an export configuration (created using the `ybm_integration` resource) to a cluster for the export of cluster metrics. When assigned, cluster metrics are exported to the sink defined in the export configuration.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster" "metrics-srcluster" {
  cluster_id = ybm_cluster.single_region_cluster.cluster_id
  config_id  = ybm_integration.test.config_id
  depends_on = [ybm_cluster.single_region_cluster, ybm_integration.test]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the cluster with which this metrics export configuration will be associated.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster with which this metrics export configuration will be associated.
- `config_id` (String) ID of the integration for this metrics export configuration.
- `config_name` (String) Name of the integration for this metrics export configuration

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account this metrics export configuration belongs to.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project this metrics export configuration belongs to.
