docs/resources/db_audit_logging.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ybm_db_audit_logging Resource - ybm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource to manage DB Audit log configuration for a cluster in YugabyteDB Aeon.
---

# ybm_db_audit_logging (Resource)

The resource to manage DB Audit log configuration for a cluster in YugabyteDB Aeon.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# DB audit log configuration for a cluster
resource "ybm_db_audit_logging" "sample-db-audit-log-config" {
  cluster_id       = "<Your-Cluster-Id>"
  integration_name = "<Your-Integration-Name>"
  ysql_config = {
    log_settings = {
      log_catalog        = true
      log_client         = false
      log_relation       = true
      log_level          = "LOG"
      log_statement_once = true
      log_parameter      = false
    }
    statement_classes = ["READ", "WRITE", "ROLE"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the cluster from which DB Audit Logs will be exported
- `integration_name` (String) Name of the integration to which the DB Audit Logs will be exported
- `ysql_config` (Attributes) The specification for a DB Audit ysql export configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ysql_config))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account this DB Audit log configuration belongs to.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster from which DB Audit Logs will be exported
- `config_id` (String) ID of the DB Audit logging configuration
- `integration_id` (String) ID of the integration to which the DB Audit Logs will be exported
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project this DB Audit log configuration belongs to.
- `state` (String) The status of DB Audit Logging on the cluster

<a id="nestedatt--ysql_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ysql_config`

Required:

- `log_settings` (Attributes) Db Audit Ysql Log Settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ysql_config--log_settings))
- `statement_classes` (Set of String) List of ysql statements

<a id="nestedatt--ysql_config--log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ysql_config.log_settings`

Optional:

- `log_catalog` (Boolean) These system catalog tables record system (as opposed to user) activity, such as metadata lookups and from third-party tools performing lookups. Defaults to 'true' if not specified.
- `log_client` (Boolean) Enable this option to echo log messages directly to clients such as ysqlsh and psql. Defaults to 'true' if not specified
- `log_level` (String) Sets the severity level of logs written to clients. Defaults to 'LOG' if not specified
- `log_parameter` (Boolean) Include the parameters that were passed with the statement in the logs. Defaults to 'false' if not specified
- `log_relation` (Boolean) Create separate log entries for each relation (TABLE, VIEW, and so on) referenced in a SELECT or DML statement. Defaults to 'false' if not specified
- `log_statement_once` (Boolean) Enable this setting to only include statement text and parameters for the first entry for a statement or sub-statement combination. Defaults to 'false' if not specified

Commit message:

Changes to log configuration docs (#148)
integration and related resources doc improvements

docs/resources/db_audit_logging.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ybm_db_audit_logging Resource - ybm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this resource to configure database audit logging for a cluster, and specify the export configuration (created using the ybm_integration resource) to use for log export. When assigned to a cluster, cluster audit logs are exported to the sink defined in the export configuration.
---

# ybm_db_audit_logging (Resource)

Use this resource to configure database audit logging for a cluster, and specify the export configuration (created using the `ybm_integration` resource) to use for log export. When assigned to a cluster, cluster audit logs are exported to the sink defined in the export configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# DB audit log configuration for a cluster
resource "ybm_db_audit_logging" "sample-db-audit-log-config" {
  cluster_id       = "<Your-Cluster-Id>"
  integration_name = "<Your-Integration-Name>"
  ysql_config = {
    log_settings = {
      log_catalog        = true
      log_client         = false
      log_relation       = true
      log_level          = "LOG"
      log_statement_once = true
      log_parameter      = false
    }
    statement_classes = ["READ", "WRITE", "ROLE"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the cluster from which DB Audit Logs will be exported
- `integration_name` (String) Name of the integration to which the DB Audit Logs will be exported
- `ysql_config` (Attributes) The specification for a DB Audit ysql export configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ysql_config))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account this DB Audit log configuration belongs to.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster from which DB Audit Logs will be exported
- `config_id` (String) ID of the DB Audit logging configuration
- `integration_id` (String) ID of the integration to which the DB Audit Logs will be exported
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project this DB Audit log configuration belongs to.
- `state` (String) The status of DB Audit Logging on the cluster

<a id="nestedatt--ysql_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ysql_config`

Required:

- `log_settings` (Attributes) Db Audit Ysql Log Settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ysql_config--log_settings))
- `statement_classes` (Set of String) List of ysql statements

<a id="nestedatt--ysql_config--log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ysql_config.log_settings`

Optional:

- `log_catalog` (Boolean) These system catalog tables record system (as opposed to user) activity, such as metadata lookups and from third-party tools performing lookups. Defaults to 'true' if not specified.
- `log_client` (Boolean) Enable this option to echo log messages directly to clients such as ysqlsh and psql. Defaults to 'true' if not specified
- `log_level` (String) Sets the severity level of logs written to clients. Defaults to 'LOG' if not specified
- `log_parameter` (Boolean) Include the parameters that were passed with the statement in the logs. Defaults to 'false' if not specified
- `log_relation` (Boolean) Create separate log entries for each relation (TABLE, VIEW, and so on) referenced in a SELECT or DML statement. Defaults to 'false' if not specified
- `log_statement_once` (Boolean) Enable this setting to only include statement text and parameters for the first entry for a statement or sub-statement combination. Defaults to 'false' if not specified
