---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ybm_db_query_logging Resource - ybm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource to manage DB query logging configuration for a cluster in YugabyteDB Aeon.
---

# ybm_db_query_logging (Resource)

The resource to manage DB query logging configuration for a cluster in YugabyteDB Aeon.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the cluster with which this DB query logging configuration will be associated.
- `integration_name` (String) Name of the integration for this DB query logging configuration.
- `log_config` (Attributes) The Log config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_config))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account this DB query logging configuration belongs to.
- `config_id` (String) ID of the DB query logging configuration. Created automatically when enabling DB query logs.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project this DB query logging configuration belongs to.
- `state` (String) The status of the association of the cluster with DB query logging config.

<a id="nestedatt--log_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_config`

Optional:

- `debug_print_plan` (Boolean) Enable debug print plan for statements.
- `log_connections` (Boolean) Log connections to the database.
- `log_disconnections` (Boolean) Log disconnections from the database.
- `log_duration` (Boolean) Log the duration of each statement.
- `log_error_verbosity` (String) Sets the verbosity level of logged errors.
- `log_line_prefix` (String) A printf-style format string for log line prefixes.
- `log_min_duration_statement` (Number) Duration(in ms) of each completed statement to be logged if the statement ran for at least the specified amount of time.
- `log_min_error_statement` (String) Minimum severity for error statements to be logged.
- `log_statement` (String) The type of statements to be logged.
