docs/resources/integration.md, before:

---
page_title: "ybm_integration Resource - YugabyteDB Aeon"
description: |-
  The resource to create an export configuration for the integration you want to use in YugabyteDB Aeon.
  Using the configuration you created, connect to your cluster:
  -  Export metrics using resource ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster
---

# ybm_integration (Resource)

The resource to create an export configuration for the integration you want to use in YugabyteDB Aeon.

Using the configuration you created, connect to your cluster:
	-  Export metrics using resource `ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster`


## Example Usage

To create Datadog integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "datadog" {
  config_name = "datadog-example"
  type        = "DATADOG"
  datadog_spec = {
    api_key = "<api-key>"
    site    = "datadoghq.com"
  }
}
```

To create Grafana integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "grafana" {
  config_name = "grafana-example"
  type        = "GRAFANA"
  grafana_spec = {
    access_policy_token = "<access-policy-token>"
    instance_id         = "<instance-id>"
    org_slug            = "<org-slug>"
    zone                = "<zone>"
  }
}
```

To create Sumologic integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "sumologic" {
  config_name = "sumologic-example"
  type        = "SUMOLOGIC"
  sumologic_spec = {
    access_id          = "<access-id>"
    access_key         = "<access-key>"
    installation_token = "<installation-token>"
  }
}
```

To create Prometheus integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "prometheus" {
  config_name = "prometheus-example"
  type        = "PROMETHEUS"
  prometheus_spec = {
    endpoint = "http://my-prometheus-endpoint/api/v1/otlp"
  }
}
```

To create VictoriaMetrics integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "victoriametrics" {
  config_name = "victoriametrics-example"
  type        = "VICTORIAMETRICS"
  victoriametrics_spec = {
    endpoint = "http://my-victoria-metrics-endpoint/opentelemetry"
  }
}
```

To create GoogleCloud integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "gcp" {
  config_name = "gcp-example"
  type        = "GOOGLECLOUD"
  googlecloud_spec = {
    type                        = "service_account"
    project_id                  = "<project_id>"
    private_key_id              = "<private_key_id>"
    private_key                 = "<private_key>"
    client_email                = "<client_email>"
    client_id                   = "<client_id>"
    auth_uri                    = "<auth_uri>"
    token_uri                   = "<token_uri>"
    auth_provider_x509_cert_url = "<auth_provider_x509_cert_url>"
    client_x509_cert_url        = "<client_x509_cert_url>"
    universe_domain             = "<universe_domain>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_name` (String) The name of the integration
- `type` (String) Defines different exporter destination types.

### Optional

- `datadog_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Datadog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--datadog_spec))
- `googlecloud_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Google Cloud integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--googlecloud_spec))
- `grafana_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Grafana integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grafana_spec))
- `prometheus_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Prometheus integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prometheus_spec))
- `sumologic_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Sumo Logic integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sumologic_spec))
- `victoriametrics_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a VictoriaMetrics integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--victoriametrics_spec))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the account this integration belongs to.
- `config_id` (String) The ID of the integration.
- `is_valid` (Boolean) Signifies whether the integration configuration is valid or not
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this integration belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--datadog_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datadog_spec`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog Api Key
- `site` (String) Datadog site.


<a id="nestedatt--googlecloud_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `googlecloud_spec`

Required:

- `auth_provider_x509_cert_url` (String) Auth Provider X509 Cert URL
- `auth_uri` (String) Auth URI
- `client_email` (String) Client Email
- `client_id` (String) Client ID
- `client_x509_cert_url` (String) Client X509 Cert URL
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) Private Key
- `private_key_id` (String) Private Key ID
- `project_id` (String) GCP Project ID
- `token_uri` (String) Token URI
- `type` (String) Service Account Type

Optional:

- `universe_domain` (String) Google Universe Domain


<a id="nestedatt--grafana_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_spec`

Required:

- `access_policy_token` (String, Sensitive) Grafana Access Policy Token
- `instance_id` (String) Grafana InstanceID.
- `org_slug` (String) Grafana OrgSlug.
- `zone` (String) Grafana Zone.


<a id="nestedatt--prometheus_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prometheus_spec`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) Prometheus OTLP endpoint URL e.g. http://my-prometheus-endpoint/api/v1/otlp


<a id="nestedatt--sumologic_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sumologic_spec`

Required:

- `access_id` (String, Sensitive) Sumo Logic Access Key ID
- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Sumo Logic Access Key
- `installation_token` (String, Sensitive) A Sumo Logic installation token to export telemetry to Grafana with


<a id="nestedatt--victoriametrics_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `victoriametrics_spec`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) VictoriaMetrics OTLP endpoint URL e.g. http://my-victoria-metrics-endpoint/opentelemetry

Commit message:

integration and related resources doc improvements

docs/resources/integration.md, after:

---
page_title: "ybm_integration Resource - YugabyteDB Aeon"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create export configurations. Export configurations define parameters for connecting to third party tools, such as Datadog, for exporting cluster metrics and logs.
  To use an export configuration, assign it to a cluster using the following resources:
  -Export metrics using resource ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster
  -Export query logs using resource ybm_db_query_logging
  -Export audit logs using resource ybm_db_audit_logging
---

# ybm_integration (Resource)

Use this resource to create export configurations. Export configurations define parameters for connecting to third party tools, such as Datadog, for exporting cluster metrics and logs.
To use an export configuration, assign it to a cluster using the following resources:
-Export metrics using resource `ybm_associate_metrics_exporter_cluster`
-Export query logs using resource `ybm_db_query_logging`
-Export audit logs using resource `ybm_db_audit_logging`


## Example Usage

To create Datadog integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "datadog" {
  config_name = "datadog-example"
  type        = "DATADOG"
  datadog_spec = {
    api_key = "<api-key>"
    site    = "datadoghq.com"
  }
}
```

To create Grafana integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "grafana" {
  config_name = "grafana-example"
  type        = "GRAFANA"
  grafana_spec = {
    access_policy_token = "<access-policy-token>"
    instance_id         = "<instance-id>"
    org_slug            = "<org-slug>"
    zone                = "<zone>"
  }
}
```

To create Sumologic integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "sumologic" {
  config_name = "sumologic-example"
  type        = "SUMOLOGIC"
  sumologic_spec = {
    access_id          = "<access-id>"
    access_key         = "<access-key>"
    installation_token = "<installation-token>"
  }
}
```

To create Prometheus integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "prometheus" {
  config_name = "prometheus-example"
  type        = "PROMETHEUS"
  prometheus_spec = {
    endpoint = "http://my-prometheus-endpoint/api/v1/otlp"
  }
}
```

To create VictoriaMetrics integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "victoriametrics" {
  config_name = "victoriametrics-example"
  type        = "VICTORIAMETRICS"
  victoriametrics_spec = {
    endpoint = "http://my-victoria-metrics-endpoint/opentelemetry"
  }
}
```

To create GoogleCloud integration

```terraform
resource "ybm_integration" "gcp" {
  config_name = "gcp-example"
  type        = "GOOGLECLOUD"
  googlecloud_spec = {
    type                        = "service_account"
    project_id                  = "<project_id>"
    private_key_id              = "<private_key_id>"
    private_key                 = "<private_key>"
    client_email                = "<client_email>"
    client_id                   = "<client_id>"
    auth_uri                    = "<auth_uri>"
    token_uri                   = "<token_uri>"
    auth_provider_x509_cert_url = "<auth_provider_x509_cert_url>"
    client_x509_cert_url        = "<client_x509_cert_url>"
    universe_domain             = "<universe_domain>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_name` (String) The name of the integration
- `type` (String) Defines different exporter destination types.

### Optional

- `datadog_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Datadog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--datadog_spec))
- `googlecloud_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Google Cloud integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--googlecloud_spec))
- `grafana_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Grafana integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grafana_spec))
- `prometheus_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Prometheus integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prometheus_spec))
- `sumologic_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a Sumo Logic integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sumologic_spec))
- `victoriametrics_spec` (Attributes) The specifications of a VictoriaMetrics integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--victoriametrics_spec))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the account this integration belongs to.
- `config_id` (String) The ID of the integration.
- `is_valid` (Boolean) Signifies whether the integration configuration is valid or not
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this integration belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--datadog_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datadog_spec`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog Api Key
- `site` (String) Datadog site.


<a id="nestedatt--googlecloud_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `googlecloud_spec`

Required:

- `auth_provider_x509_cert_url` (String) Auth Provider X509 Cert URL
- `auth_uri` (String) Auth URI
- `client_email` (String) Client Email
- `client_id` (String) Client ID
- `client_x509_cert_url` (String) Client X509 Cert URL
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) Private Key
- `private_key_id` (String) Private Key ID
- `project_id` (String) GCP Project ID
- `token_uri` (String) Token URI
- `type` (String) Service Account Type

Optional:

- `universe_domain` (String) Google Universe Domain


<a id="nestedatt--grafana_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_spec`

Required:

- `access_policy_token` (String, Sensitive) Grafana Access Policy Token
- `instance_id` (String) Grafana InstanceID.
- `org_slug` (String) Grafana OrgSlug.
- `zone` (String) Grafana Zone.


<a id="nestedatt--prometheus_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prometheus_spec`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) Prometheus OTLP endpoint URL e.g. http://my-prometheus-endpoint/api/v1/otlp


<a id="nestedatt--sumologic_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sumologic_spec`

Required:

- `access_id` (String, Sensitive) Sumo Logic Access Key ID
- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Sumo Logic Access Key
- `installation_token` (String, Sensitive) A Sumo Logic installation token to export telemetry to Grafana with


<a id="nestedatt--victoriametrics_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `victoriametrics_spec`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) VictoriaMetrics OTLP endpoint URL e.g. http://my-victoria-metrics-endpoint/opentelemetry
