docs/resources/metrics_exporter.md, before:

---
page_title: "ybm_metrics_exporter Resource - YugabyteDB Aeon"
description: |-
  [DEPRECATED] Please use ybm_integration instead.
  The resource to create a metrics exporter config in YugabyteDB Aeon.
---

# ybm_metrics_exporter (Resource)

[DEPRECATED] Please use `ybm_integration` instead.

The resource to create a metrics exporter config in YugabyteDB Aeon.


## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example for Datadog
resource "ybm_metrics_exporter" "datadog" {
  config_name = "datadogTest"
  type        = "DATADOG"
  datadog_spec = {
    api_key = "Your api key"
    site    = "datadoghq.com"
  }
}


# Example for Grafana
resource "ybm_metrics_exporter" "grafana" {
  config_name = "grafanaTest"
  type        = "GRAFANA"
  grafana_spec = {
    access_policy_token = "your access policy token"
    instance_id         = "111111"
    org_slug            = "orgtest"
    zone                = "prod-us-east-0"
  }
}

# Example for Sumologic
resource "ybm_metrics_exporter" "sumologic" {
  config_name = "sumologicTest"
  type        = "SUMOLOGIC"
  sumologic_spec = {
    access_id          = "your access id"
    access_key         = "your access key"
    installation_token = "your installation token"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_name` (String) The name of the metrics exporter configuration
- `type` (String) The type of third party metrics sink.

### Optional

- `datadog_spec` (Attributes) Configuration for Datadog metrics sink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--datadog_spec))
- `grafana_spec` (Attributes) Configuration for Grafana metrics sink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grafana_spec))
- `sumologic_spec` (Attributes) Configuration for Sumologic metrics sink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sumologic_spec))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the account this metrics exporter config belongs to.
- `config_id` (String) The ID of the metrics exporter config.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this metrics exporter config belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--datadog_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datadog_spec`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog Api Key
- `site` (String) Datadog site.


<a id="nestedatt--grafana_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_spec`

Required:

- `access_policy_token` (String, Sensitive) Grafana Access Policy Token
- `instance_id` (String) Grafana InstanceID.
- `org_slug` (String) Grafana OrgSlug.
- `zone` (String) Grafana Zone.


<a id="nestedatt--sumologic_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sumologic_spec`

Required:

- `access_id` (String, Sensitive) Sumo Logic Access Key ID
- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Sumo Logic Access Key
- `installation_token` (String, Sensitive) A SumoLogic installation token to export metrics

Commit message:

Sunset date for deprecated resource

docs/resources/metrics_exporter.md, after:

---
page_title: "ybm_metrics_exporter Resource - YugabyteDB Aeon"
description: |-
  [DEPRECATED] The resource to create a metrics exporter config in YugabyteDB Aeon.
  This resource has been deprecated on 2024-11-30 and will be supported until 2025-2-28. Please use ybm_integration instead.
---

# ybm_metrics_exporter (Resource)

[DEPRECATED] The resource to create a metrics exporter config in YugabyteDB Aeon.

This resource has been deprecated on 2024-11-30 and will be supported until 2025-2-28. Please use `ybm_integration` instead.


## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example for Datadog
resource "ybm_metrics_exporter" "datadog" {
  config_name = "datadogTest"
  type        = "DATADOG"
  datadog_spec = {
    api_key = "Your api key"
    site    = "datadoghq.com"
  }
}


# Example for Grafana
resource "ybm_metrics_exporter" "grafana" {
  config_name = "grafanaTest"
  type        = "GRAFANA"
  grafana_spec = {
    access_policy_token = "your access policy token"
    instance_id         = "111111"
    org_slug            = "orgtest"
    zone                = "prod-us-east-0"
  }
}

# Example for Sumologic
resource "ybm_metrics_exporter" "sumologic" {
  config_name = "sumologicTest"
  type        = "SUMOLOGIC"
  sumologic_spec = {
    access_id          = "your access id"
    access_key         = "your access key"
    installation_token = "your installation token"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_name` (String) The name of the metrics exporter configuration
- `type` (String) The type of third party metrics sink.

### Optional

- `datadog_spec` (Attributes) Configuration for Datadog metrics sink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--datadog_spec))
- `grafana_spec` (Attributes) Configuration for Grafana metrics sink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grafana_spec))
- `sumologic_spec` (Attributes) Configuration for Sumologic metrics sink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sumologic_spec))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the account this metrics exporter config belongs to.
- `config_id` (String) The ID of the metrics exporter config.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this metrics exporter config belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--datadog_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datadog_spec`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog Api Key
- `site` (String) Datadog site.


<a id="nestedatt--grafana_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana_spec`

Required:

- `access_policy_token` (String, Sensitive) Grafana Access Policy Token
- `instance_id` (String) Grafana InstanceID.
- `org_slug` (String) Grafana OrgSlug.
- `zone` (String) Grafana Zone.


<a id="nestedatt--sumologic_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sumologic_spec`

Required:

- `access_id` (String, Sensitive) Sumo Logic Access Key ID
- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) Sumo Logic Access Key
- `installation_token` (String, Sensitive) A SumoLogic installation token to export metrics
