---
page_title: "ybm_read_replicas Resource - YugabyteDB Managed"
description: |-
  The resource to create read replicas of a particular cluster. You can create multiple read replicas
          in different regions using a single resource.
---

# ybm_read_replicas (Resource)

The resource to create read replicas of a particular cluster. You can create multiple read replicas
		in different regions using a single resource.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ybm_read_replicas" "example_read_replica" {
  read_replicas_info = [
    {
      cloud_type   = "GCP"
      num_replicas = 1
      num_nodes    = 1
      region       = "us-east4"
      vpc_id       = "example-vpc-id"
      node_config = {
        num_cores    = 2
        disk_size_gb = 10
      }
    }
  ]
  primary_cluster_id = "example-primary-cluster-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `primary_cluster_id` (String) The primary cluster ID for the read replica.
- `read_replicas_info` (Attributes List) Information about multiple read replicas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read_replicas_info))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the account this read replica belongs to.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this read replica belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--read_replicas_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read_replicas_info`

Required:

- `node_config` (Attributes) The node configuration of the read replica. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read_replicas_info--node_config))
- `num_nodes` (Number) The number of nodes of the read replica.
- `num_replicas` (Number) The number of replicas of the read replica.
- `region` (String) The region of the read replica.

Optional:

- `cloud_type` (String) The cloud provider where the read replica is deployed: AWS, AZURE or GCP. Default GCP.
- `multi_zone` (Boolean) Set whether to spread the nodes in this region across zones. Defaults to true.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC where the read replica is deployed.
- `vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC where the read replica is deployed.

Read-Only:

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint of the read replica. Created automatically when a read replica is created.

<a id="nestedatt--read_replicas_info--node_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read_replicas_info.node_config`

Required:

- `disk_size_gb` (Number)
- `num_cores` (Number)

Optional:

- `disk_iops` (Number)
