docs/resources/vpc.md, before:

---
page_title: "ybm_vpc Resource - YugabyteDB Managed"
description: |-
  The resource to create a VPC in YugabyteDB Managed.
---

# ybm_vpc (Resource)

The resource to create a VPC in YugabyteDB Managed.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ybm_vpc" "example-vpc" {
  name = "example-vpc"
  cloud = "GCP"
  # Use only one of either global cidr or region cidr
  global_cidr = "10.9.0.0/18"
  # region_cidr_info = [
  #   {
  #     region = "europe-central2"
  #     cidr = "10.231.0.0/24"
  #   },
  #   {
  #     region = "us-west2" 
  #     cidr = "10.9.0.0/24"
  #   }
  # ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud` (String) The cloud provider (AWS, AZURE or GCP) where the VPC is to be created.
- `name` (String) The description of the VPC.

### Optional

- `global_cidr` (String) The global CIDR of the VPC (GCP only).
- `region_cidr_info` (Attributes List) The CIDR information for all the regions for the VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--region_cidr_info))
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC. Created automatically when the VPC is created. Used to get a specific VPC.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the account this VPC belongs to.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this VPC belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--region_cidr_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `region_cidr_info`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String)
- `region` (String)

Commit message:

Provide external VPC ID in the VPC resource and fix minor bugs (#43)

docs/resources/vpc.md, after:

---
page_title: "ybm_vpc Resource - YugabyteDB Managed"
description: |-
  The resource to create a VPC in YugabyteDB Managed.
---

# ybm_vpc (Resource)

The resource to create a VPC in YugabyteDB Managed.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ybm_vpc" "example-vpc" {
  name = "example-vpc"
  cloud = "GCP"
  # Use only one of either global cidr or region cidr
  global_cidr = "10.9.0.0/18"
  # region_cidr_info = [
  #   {
  #     region = "europe-central2"
  #     cidr = "10.231.0.0/24"
  #   },
  #   {
  #     region = "us-west2" 
  #     cidr = "10.9.0.0/24"
  #   }
  # ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud` (String) The cloud provider (AWS, AZURE or GCP) where the VPC is to be created.
- `name` (String) The description of the VPC.

### Optional

- `global_cidr` (String) The global CIDR of the VPC (GCP only).
- `region_cidr_info` (Attributes List) The CIDR information for all the regions for the VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--region_cidr_info))
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC. Created automatically when the VPC is created. Used to get a specific VPC.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the account this VPC belongs to.
- `external_vpc_id` (String) The ID of the cloud provider(AWS/GCP/AZzure) VPC where YBM resources are created
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this VPC belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--region_cidr_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `region_cidr_info`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String)
- `region` (String)
